[NARRATOR] Previously,
on Dragon Ball Z Kai,
Goku and Vegeta
let Majin Buu absorb them
so they could find their sons.
But that's not all they found.
But, I don't understand.
Why's this Buu cocooned here
with the others?
How could he absorb himself?
That's a real mind bender.
[NARRATOR] Majin Buu
created an aspect of himself
to fight the Saiyans
inside his own body.
[SUPER BUU laughing]
Idiots! You really
thought that would work?
[NARRATOR] In this strange form,
he seemed to be invincible,
using his extreme
home field advantage
to frustrate Goku and Vegeta
at every turn.
[SUPER BUU] You can
blow me up again and again.
It won't make a difference.
Because I'm Buu!
[SUPER BUU laughing]
[NARRATOR] If Goku and Vegeta
are going to survive,
they must find a new way
to strike back. Now.
♪ Opening Song ♪
[laughing]
Shut up. Shut up! Shut up!
[VEGETA]
Shut up!
Stop, Vegeta! Calm down!
You're just playing
right into Buu's hands!
I'm confused. Are you
trying to save your friends
or kill them yourself?
[GOKU] I've had enough
of your dirty tricks, Buu.
[GOKU grunting]
[SUPER BUU chuckles]
Where did he go?
[gasps]
You fools. I told you
I'm invincible in here.
You're not fun anymore--
let's finish this!
[BOTH gasp]
[BOTH groan]
[laughing]
[VEGETA groans]
[chuckles]
I can't wait to absorb you.
Vegeta!
[SUPER BUU laughing]
Have it your way, hero.
I'll absorb you first.
[screams]
[laughing]
Damn it!
[SUPER BUU]
Behind you!
[groaning]
[SUPER BUU chuckles]
That's funny. Keep on trying.
All I have to do is stand back
and watch you flail your arms.
Before long you'll use up
all the energy you have left
on these pointless attacks.
We'll see. Won't we.
[SUPER BUU laughing]
It's your choice. Keep on
struggling until the end,
or I'll absorb you right now.
[GOKU yells]
[ELDER KAI]
Come on! Come on! Come on!
Aaaah! No fair!
Why can't I see in there?
Gave my whole life and
I can't even see the action?
[KIBITO KAI] What exactly is
happening inside Buu's body?
[GOKU panting]
[SUPER BUU]
Hiding won't do any good. Aaah!
[VEGETA grunts]
You're stronger than most,
I'll give you that.
Any normal challenger
would have used up
all their energy
and given up by this point.
Yeah, Buu.
Don't count me out yet;
I've still got enough power
to do some damage.
[SUPER BUU laughing]
Is that what you call good aim?
[GOKU yelling]
[SUPER BUU screams]
[VEGETA chuckles]
[SUPER BUU laughing]
If that was your
best shot at hurting me,
then I don't think this is
going to last for much longer.
[laughing]
Heh?
[SUPER BUU laughing]
Time to accept it's over.
[VEGETA]
I'm not so sure about that.
[BOTH]
Huh?
Seems to me there's still
one more move to try.
What happens if I tear fat boy
here away from you, huh?
'Cause I get the feeling
you wouldn't like that so much.
I can't wait to find out.
Will you go back
to being fat like him?
Or maybe you'll become
the skinny gray one
who swallowed him.
No! Stop, don't do it!
Whichever sad form you'll take,
I'm sure you'll become weaker,
and that's all
that matters, isn't it?
[SUPER BUU]
Don't do it--you can't!
Don't touch him! Get away!
When I saw how protective
you were of this lard-ball,
it was obvious. Losing the
others was an irritation,
but he's much more.
You don't know
what you're doing!
[VEGETA laughing]
You're even more panicked
than I expected.
Oh yes, this should be good.
Please! Don't do it!
Anything but that--it's the
last thing you should do!
Please, I won't
be myself anymore!
Won't be yourself?
What does that mean?
You can scream at me
all you like.
As if I'd ever
take orders from you.
No!
[VEGETA grunting]
[VEGETA chuckles]
[SUPER BUU screaming]
[groaning]
[GOKU]
Huh?
Stay sharp, Vegeta,
it could be a trap.
He could pop up at any time,
like he has before.
No, Kakarot, look at him.
This time
it's different for sure.
[screaming]
Hey. That's weird.
Why'd he start yellin'?
Sounds like he's in some pain.
Yes. It does, doesn't it?
[screaming]
Well, what are you waiting for?
Now's our chance!
Let's grab the others
and get out of this filth!
Right.
[screaming]
[continues screaming]
Hey, so which way is the exit?
How am I supposed to know?
Look. All the structures
in here are moving,
and they look
kind of squishy, too.
He's transforming again,
obviously.
Back to the skinny
or the fat one.
[screaming]
Man. It's getting hot in here.
Maybe that's part of
the transformation, too.
Damn. Look at that steam.
His temperature's skyrocketing,
like every cell
is about to catch fire.
We'd better
get out of here soon,
or it's gonna boil us alive.
[SUPER BUU screaming]
[gasps]
[hollers]
Careful, you fool!
[GOKU hollers] That burns!
That definitely burns!
Hot, hot, hot, hot, hot!
Ooh boy!
[hollers]
[VEGETA]
Are you okay?
We're in trouble here.
There must be a way out
of his body somewhere, right?
[GOKU screams]
You feel how hot that stuff is?
It's worse than magma!
If we get caught in that
we won't stand a chance.
It would vaporize us instantly!
There'd be nothing of us left!
[VEGETA]
Damn!
Look, Vegeta. Those holes.
It's a little brighter up there.
I'm not certain,
but that could be sunlight!
[VEGETA]
Let's go.
Yeah, it is! All right!
No! It's gonna shut!
Hurry!
What is this, a joke?
[GOKU] No, we were
so close! Open back up!
[SUPER BUU screaming]
Come on! Open sesame!
[VEGETA]
Shhh!
[distant rumbling]
That rumble, you hear it?
I think it's another
of those geysers.
What the hell is going on here?
Hey! Of course!
It's the hot air!
Think back to whenever
the fat Buu got angry.
He'd always blow those jets of
steam out of his head, remember?
Buu!
[grunts]
[growls]
The steam holes!
We're right next to one!
And if that's true...
Get as close to the wall
as you can! Go!
Here it goes! Hmm!
[VEGETA]
It's opening!
[GOKU]
Ha!
Aah! All right!
[SUPER BUU]
[laughing]
[GOKU]
Huh?
[ELDER KAI]
They made it!
Their rescue plan
actually worked!
They went into
the belly of the beast
and came out alive!
[BOTH]
Yeah!
I can't believe it! Everyone's
all back to normal, look!
[DENDE]
Amazing!
[gasps] They've saved the other
fighters Majin Buu absorbed,
so now he can't leech off
of their powers anymore!
First let's find somewhere
safe we can hide them.
I don't think Buu's
noticed we're out yet.
[GOKU]
Right.
[SUPER BUU screaming]
[VEGETA]
No...
[SUPER BUU groaning]
[GOKU]
Are you sensing that, too?
He should be a lot weaker now,
but it feels like his energy's
actually increasing.
How? That can't be!
[SUPER BUU groaning]
[screaming]
[groaning]
[screams]
Oh dear.
What's wrong?
[KIBITO KAI]
No!
[SUPER BUU]
Wow, look at him.
I guess he's going for
muscles with this form.
No. Wait.
[screams]
[BOTH gasp]
[screaming]
See? He's not done transforming.
[screaming, grunting]
I sure wish
he'd make up his mind.
[KIBITO KAI]
This can't happen. It can't!
He's... turning back!
Uh. Turning back
to what exactly?
[panting]
[VEGETA laughing]
And to think I was worried.
Look at him. He's a fraction
of his old self.
Ha! We really
pulled it off, Vegeta.
We may not need
any fancy tricks after all.
[MR. SATAN] That's the new Buu?
He looks like nothing but a kid!
Okay! Mr. Satan time!
I can handle this brat!
No, you're wrong!
[MR. SATAN]
Huh?
Don't be fooled by his size.
[MR. SATAN]
Oooh...
I-I can't explain it,
but his energy is terrifying.
Hey. Can you hear me?
Come on, Gohan, wake up.
Vegeta, I think
they're all right.
They may be a little weak,
but they're alive.
[GOKU]
Mmm.
Looks like Buu's on the move.
[chuckles]
[screaming]
What is that?
He's shaking the world
with his scream!
[screaming]
[KIBITO KAI]
It's true.
[ELDER KAI] What do you mean
he's turned back?
Turned into what?
Explain yourself, boy!
[NARRATOR] Goku and Vegeta
have escaped from the prison
of Buu's body and
saved their captured friends.
But the rescue has caused
a strange new transformation--
a Majin Buu unlike any
this planet has ever seen.
The battle for Earth is about
to reach its fever pitch.
Next Dragon Ball Z Kai.
♪ Closing Song ♪
[GOKU]
Hey! It's me, Goku!
Supreme Kai, we have
to know what's going on!
Are you saying you've seen
this version of Buu before?
[KIBITO KAI]
I could never forget that face.
That's the Majin Buu
from centuries ago!
Before he absorbed
the two Supreme Kais!
[GOKU]
Next time, on Dragon Ball Z Kai:
[GOHAN] Our whole planet
is gone? Just like that?